https://text-to-speech-demo.mybluemix.net/

https://convertio.co/ogg-wav/


Budget:

By 2025, Goldman Sachs conservatively estimates the revenue for virtual and augmented reality software in education to be seven hundred million dollars per year. The estimate assumes educational VR solutions will sell at a pace of eight million units in the first five years, reaching an installed user base of fifteen million students by 2025. The current number of primary and secondary school students in the developed world is far greater than that number at two hundred million, which means that virtual reality has a lot of room to grow within the education sector.

Teacher Surveys:

Over one thousand K through twelve teachers were surveyed to determine what teachers have to say about whether virtual reality is ready for the classroom. 85 percent of teachers agreed that virtual reality would have a positive effect on students, and 2 percent of teachers were already using virtual reality content in their classrooms. 72 percent of teachers would like to use virtual reality to simulate experiences relevant to course content, such as flying alongside the Wright Brothers during their historic flight. 68 percent would like to explore otherwise inaccessible locations like outer space. 69 percent would like to travel to distant landmarks around the world like the great pyramids of Egypt. 68 percent would like to supplement course curriculum to help students better understand concepts within science and math. As far as teachers were concerned, the subjects that virtual reality could provide the greatest benefit to were science, history, and social studies. Overall, 83 percent of teachers think that virtual reality can help improve learning outcomes in a classroom setting, while also increasing student motivation. However, only 36 percent of teachers expect their school to adopt virtual reality in less than five years, and 28 percent of teachers think it will never happen.

Effectiveness:

There is an educational dictum that goes as follows: You remember 10 percent of what you read, 20 percent of what you hear, 30 percent of what you see, and 80 percent of what you experience. The foundation for this manner of thinking is called Cognitive Constructivism, which is a widely accepted learning theory that holds that learning activities that are active, effective, and meaningful, result in superior learning versus those that are passive and non-engaging.

You can think of active learning as hands-on, fully engaged learning
versus learning based on passive methods, such as reading a book or watching a teacher while they perform a task. The NASA Software Technology Branch was quoted as saying “By using VR in education, material now considered too difficult for many students and taught even to advanced learners only at the college level could be mastered by most students in middle school and high school.” 

Similarly, the vast majority of studies conducted in the matter provide evidence that virtual reality-based instruction is an effective means to enhance learning outcomes, particularly when game-based designs are used. However, further studies are needed to dive deeper into the results in order to determine which design variables and interaction effects are the most beneficial for students.

Examples:

There are already many examples of virtual reality being used successfully in an educational setting. One example is Google Expeditions, which is a program that enables teachers to bring students on virtual trips to places all around the world, like Machu Pee choo and Antarctica, and even outside our world, like the International Space Station. Expeditions are collections of VR content and supporting materials that can be used alongside existing curriculum. These trips are collections of virtual reality panoramas: 360 degree panoramas and 3D images, annotated with details, points of interest, and questions that make them easy to integrate into curriculum already used in schools.

Another example of VR in education is the Virtuali Tee, which uses a special tee shirt and a mobile device to let users explore the anatomy of the human body in augmented reality. The program also lets users teleport inside the human body and follow along blood vessels as they learn about different bodily systems.

Perhaps one of the most fascinating examples of virtual reality in the classroom is Labster. Labster collaborates with world-class universities such as Harvard and MIT to provide access to multi-million dollar labs in a virtual setting, allowing any university student to perform advanced experiments that would otherwise be prohibitively costly or expensive. Labster provides goals and experiments to complete, primarily focused on the subjects of Biology, Biochemistry, Genetics, Biotechnology and Chemistry. What's more, Labster hired game designers to add stories to many of the experiments in order to further engage students. For example, one of the stories has students solving a CSI murder case using their core science skills. There is a fascinating TED talk titled "This virtual lab will revolutionize science" that goes into more details about Labster, and it is highly encouraged that anyone interested in educational VR software watch the talk. During the presentation, the speaker demonstrates the results of a study that showed that using Labster in combination with traditional teaching methods effectively doubled the impact of teachers on student comprehension.

Finally, there are educational VR experiences that arise totally by accident. A great example of this is the story of a student that used Google Tilt Brush to learn calculus. If you go to YouTube, you can watch hours of videos in which the student is completely immersed in the study of mathematics, which would not have been possible without the environment that Tilt Brush provides, which is distraction free and full of beautiful colors.

With so many great educational experiences already on the market, the future of virtual reality in education is exciting to say the least.

Challenges:

The principal challenge to the adoption of virtual reality within the education sector is cost. The budgets of educational systems are fairly strapped as is, and VR is currently an expensive solution. In the long run, the costs of virtual reality technology will decrease, but investment is needed now in order to spur the development of quality content. This presents a chicken and egg problem, where school systems will not adopt VR solutions unless there is substantial content, and developers will not create said content unless there is a sizable installed user base.

Another challenge to adoption of VR in education is the user experience. Issues related to simulator sickness, headset hygiene and sanitation, as well as durability for a classroom setting need to be addressed before the technology can be adopted for widespread use among children and young adults.

The politics of education also, present a challenge to virtual reality adoption. School systems are notoriously bureaucratic, which will require virtual reality companies to maintain entrenched connections and acquire convincing third-party data before they can sell the relevant entities on the benefits of their products. In addition, virtual reality companies must consider whether their solutions further the gap between the rich and the poor if certain school systems or specific families cannot afford to pay for the cost, of VR.

Intros:

Welcome to the VR budget module. Play the audio narration to learn more about the forecasted revenue for virtual reality software within the education sector.

Welcome to the teacher survey module. Play the audio narration to learn what teachers think about the potential of virtual reality in the classroom, based on a survey conducted by Samsung.

Welcome to the effectiveness module. Play the audio narration to learn about what research says about the effectiveness of VR for education.

Welcome to the challenges module. Play the audio narration to learn what obstacles need to be overcome before virtual reality can be considered viable in a classroom setting.

Welcome to the examples module. Play the audio narration to learn about current uses of virtual reality in the education sector.

Welcome to the sources module. Here you can view the primary research material used to create this VR experience. The sources include a report by Goldman Sachs on the future of virtual and augmented reality, a survey paid for by Samsung to investigate what teachers thought about virtual reality in the classroom, a meta-analysis study that analyzed the results of 67 other studies on the effectiveness of virtual reality as an educational tool, a study on the efficacy of active learning in the use of virtual environments, and a TED talk about Labster, which is a VR program that accurately simulates multi-million dollar university labs.

Welcome to the quiz! Based on what you learned in this VR experience, select the correct answer for each of the questions that surround you.

Sources:
Goldman Sachs
http://www.goldmansachs.com/our-thinking/pages/technology-driving-innovation-folder/virtual-and-augmented-reality/report.pdf

Samsung Teacher Surveys
http://www.slideshare.net/SamsungBusinessUSA/is-virtual-reality-ready-for-the-classroom

Study
http://3wayne3050.pbworks.com/w/file/fetch/94442417/Computers%20and%20Education.pdf

Study 2
http://files.eric.ed.gov/fulltext/EJ1058162.pdf

Labster TED Talk
https://www.ted.com/talks/michael_bodekaer_this_virtual_lab_will_revolutionize_science_class